BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

Instead of using magic numbers we used the env configuration's settings so as game mangers or testers we could change the settings
without needing to change the game code. as example in table's constructor instead of using "12" as table's size we used env.config.tableSize
which can be changed in config.properties file. we used it in player and dealer constructors and in each function that requires the number of
players in the game, the number of set features, the table size and number of slots.
we checked each of the changes with changing it on config.properties and running the game while checking the log, viewing during the game if
it works or not and with test's like 4 ai players running without penalty.

--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

In the terminate function in the dealer class we make sure that all the players are terminated by calling the terminated function
in player class and interrupt their thread by getting it from the player. by the reverse order we createdthem (filo) by revers for loop
for the players and then terminating the dealer thread. We used 'join' to make sure we wait to the thread's to be terminated.
we checked it when the game was stopped after announce the winner or "keyx" pressed and by following the thread's interrupting.

--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

we did that part by using an boolean flag and divding to cases. our game support now No Timer Mode.
we mainly wrote the cases in "sleepUntilWokenOrTimeout" and in the place cards (if there's no set in the table).
we checked it

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

We are not entitled to this bonus.
